

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
programmer with more than 20 years of experience in software development using different
programming languages ​​(C#, Javascript, Typescript, Python and Ruby on Rails).
My experience ranges from developing desktop applications, web applications and
rest-apis development. I like to be
constantly learning new languages, frameworks, tools and paradigms
programming. I am currently learning mobile development with  Kotlin language and
Fundamentals for developing smart contracts with solidity.



STRENGTHS
* technical skills in programming, design software and architecture
* Mastery of languages programming, databases and Data structures.
* Adaptability, ease and desire to learn new technologies and tools
* Team work and collaboration with other engineers and managers project
* Commitment to learning continuous and development professional

Lenguajes de Programación
* C# 
* Javascript 
* TypeScript
* Python 
* Kotlin

Bases de Datos
* MS Sql Server 
* MySQL
* PostgreSQL 
* FireBase

Tecnologías Web
* HTML * CSS * GIT

EXPERIENCE
Programmer analyst
Organo de Fiscalización del Estado de Veracruz  2015 - Present
.
I developed 19 new modules for the SIGMAVER state accounting system
I supported the installation of the platform (IIS and SQLserver) for more than 300 users of the
SIGMAVER
Training and advice to users in the use of SIGMAVER
I migrated the Sigmaver-Auditor system from its desktop version to a web application
I developed a user control system
I currently maintain other systems of ORFIS.
.
Stack: C#, Sql Server, AngularJS, React, Bootstrap and Git.


Programmer analyst
Secretaria de Finanzas del Estado de Veracruz 2014 - 2015
.
I collaborated in the development of a budget allocation system for public works
of state agencies
.
stack: C# .NET, SQL Server, MVC

Executive Software Developer
Velasco Asesores S.C. 2002 - 2013
.
I worked developing desktop applications, systematizing administrative processes
implemented in the following systems: Acquisitions, Vehicle Control, Accounting,
Modules for the Payroll system,
Office of parties, Public works, Billing and Collection of security services, Budgets and a Billing and Collection System for Water Consumption.
.
stack: Visual Basic, C#, SQL Server, Ruby on Rails (in a billing system in 2007) and
Crystal Reports


EDUCACIÓN
Licenciado en Informática
Universidad Veracruzana 1997 - 2001
Técnico en Informática Administrativa
CBTis #165 1994 - 1997
Programador Analista
Instituto Tecnológico Rooselvelt 1993 - 1994